[user-authz] add USAGE section for all-namespaces access (#19197)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/140-user-authz/docs/USAGE.md

        team: frontend
```

## Example of granting access to all namespaces

{% alert level="info" %}
The example refers to the [current role-based model](readme.html#current-role-based-model).
{% endalert %}

> In [multi-tenancy](configuration.html#parameters-enablemultitenancy) mode (`userAuthz.enableMultiTenancy`), namespace-based restrictions are configured using the [`ClusterAuthorizationRule`](cr.html#clusterauthorizationrule-v1-spec-namespaceselector) resource fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [multi-tenancy](configuration.html#parameters-enablemultitenancy) mode (`userAuthz.enableMultiTenancy`), namespace-based restrictions are configured using the [ClusterAuthorizationRule](cr.html#clusterauthorizationrule-v1-spec-namespaceselector) resource fields.
```

> - **All namespaces, including system namespaces** (`kube-*`, `d8-*`, `loghouse`, `default`, etc.): set `spec.namespaceSelector.matchAny: true`. In that case, `limitNamespaces` and `allowAccessToSystemNamespaces` are **ignored** if `namespaceSelector` is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration options:

- **Allow access to all namespaces, including system namespaces** (`kube-*`, `d8-*`, `loghouse`, `default`, etc.). To allow access to all namespaces, including system namespaces,  set `spec.namespaceSelector.matchAny: true`. If the `namespaceSelector` parameter is specified, the `limitNamespaces` and `allowAccessToSystemNamespaces` values are **ignored**.
```

  Example:

  ```yaml
  apiVersion: deckhouse.io/v1
  kind: ClusterAuthorizationRule
  metadata:
    name: all-namespaces-including-system
  spec:
    subjects:
    - kind: User
      name: user@example.com
    accessLevel: Editor
    namespaceSelector:
      matchAny: true
  ```

> - **All namespaces except system namespaces** (if none of `namespaceSelector`, `limitNamespaces`, or `allowAccessToSystemNamespaces` are set): the user gets access to every non-system namespace; the list of system namespaces is given in the [CR field descriptions](cr.html#clusterauthorizationrule-v1-spec-namespaceselector).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Allow access to all namespaces except system namespaces**. To grant a user access to all namespaces except system namespaces, do not specify `namespaceSelector`, `limitNamespaces`, or `allowAccessToSystemNamespaces` when creating a ClusterAuthorizationRule. For a list of system namespaces, see the [CR field description](cr.html#clusterauthorizationrule-v1-spec-namespaceselector).
```

> The `SuperAdmin` access level **does not** lift namespace restrictions (`namespaceSelector`, `limitNamespaces`): grant the intended scope explicitly, including via `namespaceSelector.matchAny`, if access to all namespaces is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `SuperAdmin` access level **does not lift** the namespace restrictions specified in the `namespaceSelector` and `limitNamespaces` parameters. If you need to grant access to all namespaces, specify the scope explicitly, including via [`namespaceSelector.matchAny`](cr.html#clusterauthorizationrule-v1-spec-namespaceselector).
```
